I wish I wasn't fat, I wish I wasn't gay.
I wish I wasn't black, I wish that I was brave.
I wish, I wish, I wish with every candle on the cake,
that I could quit doing these drugs, but I can't and I'm afraid.

I wish that I was smart, I wish that I was rich.
I wish it wasn't hard for me to grow up and forgive.
I wish that I could help, I wish I wasn't sick.
I wish I was Tom MacDonald, I'd be just like him.

===
I wish I wasn't sober, I miss it when the party wasn't over.
Happiness was right around the corner,
Every single night was like the best one of our lives.
Now we are older, the good old days are out of reach, I wish they were closer.
I wish I wasn't anxious, and I wish I could fast forward,
And I wish that I could rewind, but they don't make that controller.
I wish the nights were longer, and I wish the days were shorter.
And I wish that I could sleep enough to maintain my composure.

I feel crazy, I wish that I was normal.
I wish that I could kill myself but also be immortal.
Take me to the oracle, I heard that time is borrowed.
Can you give me back my yesterdays, I'll give you my tomorrows?

Forget all of my morals and just live like I cannot remember sorrow,
Before all of the tattos and cornrows,
I was different, I was happy, I was calmer,
I was young and full of hormones.
Now I'm wishing for a time machine, I'd step into that portal and be gone.

===
I wish on shooting stars, or were they satellites?
Maybe they were too far
I must have blown apart a million dandelions,
Now they don't grow in my yard.

===
I wish I didn't care about the day that I'd be buried.
used to live like I was ready for it, always in a hurry.
Now I'm worried, all my memories are blurry.
I'm just barely turning 30 and the voice in my head are trying to hurt me.
the choice that I made make me feel dirty, I was 25 at 13.
I was smoking with seniors, drinking beer and getting flirty.
Now the Ativan ain't working I need something even stronger.
Give me childhood, my mother and my father and my sister,
and a Christmas to make up for all the recent ones I'm missing
while I'm touring the country for a living.
Give me a hug and Nintendo and toy box in the closet,
Give me everything I wish I had, Oh wait I think I got it.
I'm a rapper like I always promised them I would accomplish,
this is awesome man, I wish I had a friend to tell, I'd call them.
and I wonder if I jumped from here if I'd survive the bottom.
And would everyone believe me if I told them I had fallen?
I'm a jump.

===
I wish on shooting stars, or were they satellites?
Maybe they were too far
I must have blown apart a million dandelions,
Now they don't grow in my yard.